
Puahate Sluthate Lookism (PSL)
Jump to navigation
Jump to search

PSL is a sequence of internet communities where people discuss looks theory, looksmaxxing and the "blackpill". The word PSL is an initialism for 3 consecutive forums that substantially overlapped in userbase and prominent forum members: Puahate.com, Sluthate.com, and Lookism.net. A notable user of one of the forums, the mass shooter Elliot Rodger, described PUAhate.com as being "full of stupid, disgusting, mentally ill degenerates who take pleasure in putting down others."[1]

None of these forums had sub-forums that were explicitly related to incel discussion, although the term was widely used in the "Shitty Advice" section of PUAhate, which was the most visited sub-forum in the last few years of the site. In spite of this lack of an explicit focus on inceldom, many users of the PSL network of sites were incel (to some degree or other), and the memes, concepts, and beliefs commonly espoused on these forums substantially influenced the culture of several subsequent incel forums.
Contents

    1 Extended description and brief history
    2 Timeline of forums
    3 Puahate.com
        3.1 Timeline
    4 Sluthate.com
        4.1 Timeline
    5 Lookism.net
        5.1 The 'dimez' Hack
        5.2 Zesto's Coup attempt
        5.3 Board restoration
        5.4 Shutdown
        5.5 Notable Users
    6 PSL and Inceldom
    7 General beliefs
    8 See also
    9 References

Extended description and brief history

Although the forums had origins in pick-up-artistry criticism, PUAhate eventually morphed into a place whose main purpose was to discuss lookism and aesthetics, or to engage in internet trolling, often directed at the particularly credulous, generally autistic users of the forums. After PUAhate was shut down in response to the attack, most of the users of its "Shitty Advice" section moved to a new website, "Sluthate". Sluthate users later migrated to a new website, "lookism.net", mainly in response to server downtime and the slowness of Sluthate.

The latest iteration of PSL, Lookism.net, broke with PSL tradition by self-identifying as an incel forum around 2017 and becoming more sympathetic to pick-up artistry (ironically due to the installation of a mod that completely rejected the validity of male looks as being the key to attracting women). The users of the forums eventually developed their own supposedly "objective" rating system that follows a rough normal distribution, which is known as a PSL rating.
Timeline of forums
Puahate.com

PUAhate was closed and users migrated to sluthate.com after the Elliot Rodger shooting. Turns out Elliot Rodger used PUAhate.
Sluthate.com

Users migrated to lookism.net after server issues with sluthate. Sluthate was rebranded to redpilltalk.com. Redpilltalk's server stopped responding in late-2019.
Lookism.net

Inactive as of 2020 December
Looksmax.org

Despite its name being not part of the acronym, Looksmax.org is often referred to as a forum of the PSL community, and it indeed has a similar culture to those forums as well as having user overlap with those sites.
Puahate.com

PuaHate was a website that was initially intended to be an anti-pickup artist site and was created by a bitter former student of the Real Social Dynamics PUA company named 'Nicholaus' in 2009. It originally contained a splash screen saying the forum was NSFW and all people under 21 should not enter, as well as a footer detailing all the media outlets who had criticized the site.

The site's users were divided into two broad camps. The first camp were basically critics of pick-up artistry who were concentrated on the main "bash the scene" forum. The posts on this forum generally consisted of exposés of dodgy PUA practices such as charging several thousand of dollars for "game bootcamps" and the like, as well as posts mocking PUAs and posting their personal information.

The second camp, concentrated on the "shitty advice" forum, eventually started espousing LMS, looks theory, looksmaxxing techniques, and the "red pill". The culture of the forum was also centered around trolling, general autism, and the personal harassment/bullying of other users. Ideas developed on PuaHate include philtrum length theory, compact midface theory, and a focus on the importance of fWHR to male mating success. Over time, this second camp became the dominant faction on the forum.[2] This faction essentially represented a proto-blackpill movement, though there were never any forums explicitly devoted to inceldom or lookism. The most admired user from PUAhate (as well the entire PSL scene) is Jsanza29, an insecure vlogger who had trouble connecting with users and got very angry about the way Redditors rated his face. He was admired for his brutal honesty and emotional exhibitionism and is still discussed in other forums to this day.
Timeline

2012

    Midface theory gains popularity over at PuaHate around Fall

2014

    mkg wants to get fucked by her tall, big-framed coworker.
    mkg plans to get fucked by ivoryace.
    Tyger and Aames make a suicide pact and visit the Golden Gate Bridge together.
    3/28 - hlimw18 from bodybuilding.com forums went on PuaHate under alpha18. to prove himself after some people questioned his slayer status. This resulted in a flame war.
    5/23 - Elliot Rodger kills six people in Isla Vista and then commits suicide.
    5/24 - PuaHate closes in response to the Isla Vista killings.

Sluthate.com

Sluthate was created on May 26th 2014 and users migrated to it from PUAhate.com. Unlike PUAhate, it had a whole sub-forum devoted to 'Rate me Threads', further solidifying the evolution of the anti-pickup-artist scene into a lookist scene. Eurasian Tiger was a well known user of this site and lookism, and had lots of alt accounts to spread his attitude/worldview. The rumor is that he is not the same user named tyger on PUAhate who bullied Elliot Rodger sending him pics of AMWF couples.
Timeline

2014

    5/31 - SlutHate was featured in Cosmo.[1]
    6/14 - moremoneythanlooks created the facial aesthetics thread. Ideas were copied from the reddit facial aesthetics AMA promoting midface theory and masculinity theory. (The author of the AMA later admitted that he lied about studying midface theory in university and from plastic surgeons.)
    6/16 - Orthodontist Mike Mew shows up at SlutHate and posted a video response.[2][3]
    7/10 - manic786 gets doxxed by Zeusus
    7/12 & 7/14 - moremoneythanlooks creates the looks maxing and facial aesthetics thread, again promoting midface theory.
    7/24 - User moremoneythanlooks officially leaves.[4]
    8/4 - Poster who claims to be the male model Eliran Biton posts his (real or fake) experiences with women on SlutHate.[5]
    8/12 - mkg took Metatron's virginity and dumps him a week later.[6]
    8/17 - Ambition/Nordic loses virginity in university.[7]
    8/25 - djfranktank and Pleosthene goes to university.
    9/11 - pikachu / IcedEarth leaves SlutHate.
    9/12 - howdidiwinduphere broke up with his girlfriend.[8]
    10/2 - Yul Brynner is getting a LeFort 1.[9]
    October - A person called JesslynNicole, who claims to be female, posted on SlutHate. This resulted in many men white knighting her.
    10/15 - Spartacus got pumped and dumped by his date because she wanted to fuck more attractive men.[10]
    10/15 - Greg had a butchered nose job.[11]
    10/17 - JebusN0rmalfa6 broke up with his girlfriend of 5 years.[12]
    10/21 - Sensdep got laid by using camera angles, lighting effects and morphs.[13][14]
    animus_liber returns and some question his success with women, causing a flame war
    11/3 - AIDS invites Sluthate members to an orgy. Only Tyger shows up. [15]
    11/14 - Spartacus cold approached a girl and made out with her the same day. He didn't want to have sex because he wanted to make an impression that he's "boyfriend potential". Unfortunately, she never met him again. Also, Spartacus' was angry that his female friend just broke up with her boyfriend and went out to have sex with a guy better looking than Spartacus himself.[16]
    12/10 - Paradigm Shift (a looks theorist) advertises his ebook.[17]

2015

    1/2 - lanklet (aged 20) posts that he is no longer a virgin. [18]
    1/3 - Emil King (aged 17) loses his virginity to a classmate.[19]
    February 2015 - animus_liber is doxxed. His criminaal charges are made public and his is one of the most hated members of the forum. This contributed to several more heated arguments between animus and the site.
    March 2015 - Incelcon 2015.[20]
    March 2015 - Kiwi Farms made a SlutHate.com thread and this resulted in a controversy.[21]
    3/31 - alienfranco quit his job and becomes NEET.[22]
    5/9 - The Greensboro Jock was identified. It was discovered that he wasn't as good looking as we had thought.[23]
    5/25 - cats alleges that YogaPants is the alt of alienfranco. His evidence is that the locations of their IP's match. As a result, there has been a heated argument between alienfranco and this site.

Sluthate was renamed redpilltalk.com in December of 2015, and appears to have closed after many years of inactivity in late-summer 2019.

    November - Redpilltalk.com's server stopped responding to requests

Lookism.net
For the focus on looks, see Lookism.
For the webtoon, see Lookism (webcomic).

About a year after Sluthate was created, users were complaining about its name, server issues, very slow loading times, the forum not banning pedo talk, and no limit on signature size.

Around June 2015 a sluthate user created lookism.net after sluthate suffered down time for a few days. The admin's name on lookism.net was/is 'Victory'. According to eggman, male models he talked to online said they browsed lookism.net as they were curious how they were talked about and how they stacked up relative to other male models. Video where eggy talks about this: [24]. Many users migrated to lookism.net's better server. Sluthate was renamed redpilltalk.com in December of 2015 to fix the name issue, despite the forum preferring the name 'incel rage'. By this point lookism.net was becoming relatively big.

Lookism.net is mostly known as a trolling board, one famous troll being a 'virgin' below named 'Orb' (below), who was from bodybuilding.com's misc board liked to fuck with the forum.
The 'dimez' Hack

In mid July 2019, a user known simply as 'dimez' claimed to have hacked the website via an SQL injection and claimed to have access to the lookism database. His malicious activities included:

    Doxxing notable users
    Posting member's IP addresses
    Permanently banning notable members and moderators
    Deleting threads and posts
    Taking the site offline entirely

The site was inoperative for a little longer than a week before the admin performed a rollback, but the damage was already done, with user participation declining dramatically. Online user count typically peaked around 1000 (including guests) before the hack, but almost never exceeded 500 afterwards. Blame for the attack was initially directed at the subreddit inceltears, but it was later revealed by inceltears moderators that they were not responsible and dimez was acting alone.

Many believe the hack never happened and was instead a cover or troll for a rogue staff member. The database was never publicly posted, and all of the abuse inflicted by 'dimez' could have been done by anyone with a staff account. Moreover, the coup attempt that happened in the following months sheds light on some of the shady behavior of the lookism staff, adding credibility to this theory.

After these events a public statement was made by the admin of the website stating that the website was never hacked and that he had traced these actions back to several staff members, who had now been stripped of their title and banned. The admin also stated the events were planned for months and that their motive was to increase the membership of a newly launched rival PSL site controlled by these same staff members who blamed the admin of lookism for his inactivity and neglect of his duties.
Zesto's Coup attempt

In early October 2019, the forum was vandalized by Zesto/ZestoHot/Mafia/Mafia LT using Josh's super moderator account (which Josh voluntarily gave him, though Josh later expressed regret about this), and every thread on the board was slowly deleted over the course of a couple days. This event coincided with the deletion of many incel subreddits on Reddit, although Zesto did this independently in an attempt to hijack lookism's userbase and migrate them to a website under his control. This event shattered the PSL community, and many lookism users likened it to the burning of the Library of Alexandria or the fall of Rome, as years of useful looksmaxing information had been permanently lost.

During the remainder of October 2019, the forum was still operative, though effectively dead, as Zesto permanently banned all accounts that had been created before his coup. Anyone who wanted to continue posting had to create a new account, but online user count rarely exceeded 20 as most users had already migrated to different forums such as looksmax.me, Zesto's forum, or stopped posting altogether. Zesto continued posting on lookism sporadically during this time, and was also known to publish users' dox there if they angered him in some way.

In November 2019, the site was shut down, and then was re-opened in late December under original ownership and without Zesto.

Zesto has also been responsible for getting many incel websites shutdown, including lookism, by reporting them to their host and having their account suspended.
Board restoration

After Zesto's failed coup attempt, Lookism was restored in December 2019 and users moved back to Lookism.net. One of the admins stated he had backups of deleted Lookism content, but personal IRL issues had prevented him from restoring the forum earlier.
In 2020 Lookism stopped using the free forum Software MyBB and started using the propietary software Xenforo.
Shutdown

Around December 2021. Lookism.net officially shut down
Notable Users

Notable users include MVP, Bojack, Sin, 6ft4, forevergymcelling, mogs_me, Zyzz007, assburger, Dyinghope, Oldrooster, etc
PSL and Inceldom

Even if PSL forums are not self-described incel communities, a big amount of users is affected by inceldom. According to a 2018 poll, 37% of Lookism.net users were virgin, while according to a recent Looksmax.me poll, 60% of users are virgin.
General beliefs

    Looks are most important thing for men to attract women.
    Not having your own place, your own car or your own money isn't that much of a detriment as you think.
    Face is the most important aspect of looks on men.
    Bodybuilding won't make you slay if you have an average face, or if you currently don't have much success with women, unless you use anabolic steroids.
    Females rate up to 80% of men as below average looking.
    Females say how personality and confidence matters, but it only pertains to long-term relationships. Even then, it's not as important as looks.
    Females lie about their past sexual experiences. For example, they proclaim a significantly lower body count.
    Females make it easy for males who they want for a short-term relationship. They make it hard for males who they want for a long-term relationship. For example, for a STR, they will have sex on the first "date". But for a LTR, they will make him wait.
    A short-term relationship is a code word for a hypergamous relationship in which the male is higher in league than the female.
    Females have many options, especially pertaining to casual sex.
    Most females are already having sex. Even most single females are having casual sex.
    Even average looking men are judged negatively due to the halo effect.
    Even the most "non-primitive" appearing females are slutty.

See also

    Looksmax.me
    Looksmaxxing
    Looks theory
    Incels.is
    List of SlutHaters by height
    PSL rating
    SupportLocalSluts
    Londonguy

References

    https://www.independent.com/2015/02/20/elliot-rodger-report-details-long-struggle-mental-illness/
    https://web.archive.org/web/20151226053443/https://www.reddit.com/r/puahate

Looks
Looks 	

Looks theory • Looks • Regression toward the mean • Beauty • Golden Ratio • Decile • PSL rating • The Wall • Scientific Blackpill • Physiognomy • Body dysmorphic disorder • Cheerleader effect • Gait • Looks bottleneck
Lookism communities 	

Looksmax.me • Lookism.net • Looksmax.net (defunct)
Looksmaxxing 	

Gymmaxxing • Heightmaxxing • Statusmaxxing • Moneymaxxing • Surgerymaxxing • Whitemaxxing • Anabolic steroids • HGH • SARMs • Jelqing • Skinmaxxing • Facemaxxing
Controversial: Mewing • Bone smashing • Facepulling • Nofaping
Looks levels 	

Melvin • Tanner • Brad • Chadlite • Cryptochad • Chad • Gigachad • Pretty Boy | Landwhale • Witch • Becky • Stacylite • Stacy • Gigastacy | High-tier normie
Racepill 	

Ethnicel • JBW theory • Ricecel • Currycel • Blackcel • Arabcel • Whitecel
Inceldom 	

Acnecel • Wristcel • Baldcel • Eyecel • Nosecel • Oldcel • Uglycel • Fatcel • Shortcel • Tear trough • Skinnycel • Dentofacial deformity • Upper eyelid exposure • Wide Set Eyes
Body Parts 	

Eyes • Bulging eyes • Lateral orbital rim • Lips • Lower third • Mandible • Infraorbital rim • Maxilla • Eyebrow • Moustache • Boobs • Buttocks • Leggings • Feet • Brow ridge • Cheeks • Penis • Bonepressed • Vagina • Pubic hair
Body Characteristics 	

Macrophallism • Macropenis dilemma • Midface ratio • Neoteny • Sexual attractiveness • Sexual dimorphism • Facial Aesthetics: Concepts and Clinical Diagnosis • Norwooding • Fashion • Anteface • Fivehead • Frame • Facial width-to-height ratio • Chin • Canthal tilt • Compact midface • Deep-set eyes • Hunter eyes • IPD • Facial masculinity • Facial asymmetry • Body attractiveness • Muscle theory • Neck theory • Feminization • Estrogen • Testosterone • Milkmired • Winemired • Acne • ES ratio • Wide-set eyes • Facial Convexity
Categories:

    InceldomLookismAbbreviationsA-class articles

Navigation menu

    Not logged in
    Talk
    Contributions
    Log in

    Page
    Discussion

    Edit
    Edit source
    View history

Search

    Discord

Incel FAQ & History

    Inceldom FAQ
    Incelosphere Timeline
    Incel Glossary
    Demographics Of Inceldom
    Incelosphere

Important Pages

    Scientific Blackpill
    Blackpill
    PSL

Rules & Disclaimer

    Editing Rules
    General Disclaimer

Other

    Random Page
    Recent Changes
    Special Pages

Tools

    What links here
    Page information

    This page was last edited on 5 May 2026, at 01:38.
    This page has been accessed 373,798 times.

    Privacy policy
    About Incel Wiki
    Disclaimers
    Mobile view

    Powered by MediaWiki

